This directory contains C++ code to build a program named
"graph_parser": a program to convert text files into a form that is
usable by matgraph.

BUILD AND INSTALL

A Makefile has been included. With luck, simply typing "make" in this
directory should create the program "graph_parser"; this can be copied
to any location that is convenient.

RUNNING

Prepare the input file (based on the specifications below) and issue
the command:

./graph_parser < Input_File

where "Input_File" is the name of your file. This creates an output
file named "parsed_graph.m" (see "OUTPUT"). Then, inside MATLAB, give
the commands:

g = graph;  % if g has not already been declared a graph variable
parsed_graph(g)

This will create a labeled graph based on your input file.


INPUT

graph_parser reads input from the standard input. The input file
specifies a graph in the following manner. Each line of the input file
consists of space separated words. Each word is the name of a
vertex. A typical line contains exactly words that are different from
each other. This indicates there is an edge between the two named
vertices, like this:

alpha  beta

Every time the program encounters a name it has not seen before, it
creates a vertex with that name. 

A line may contain a single word. If that word has not been previously
encountered, a new vertex with that name is created.

If a line contains the same word twice, the second word is ignored.

If a line contains more than two words, the third and subsequent words
are ignored.

If a line is blank, it is ignored.

If a line begins with the # symbol, it is ignored; this is useful for
commenting the input file.

See the file named "test" in the graph_parser directory for an example. 

OUTPUT

The output of the program is a file named "parsed_graph.m" --- this is
not changeable. The program should be invoked in a directory with
write permission, or else the output file will not be created.

This file should not be renamed because it contains a MATLAB function
named "parsed_graph" (and the file name needs to match the function
name). The file may be moved to any convenient location.

